update: Kotlin/Wasm with WASI tutorial (#4513)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/wasm/wasm-wasi.md

[//]: # (title: Get started with Kotlin/Wasm and WASI)

> Kotlin/Wasm is [Alpha](components-stability.md). It may be changed at any time.
>
> [Join the Kotlin/Wasm community.](https://slack-chats.kotlinlang.org/c/webassembly)
>
{style="note"}

> This tutorial demonstrates how to run a [WASI](https://wasi.dev/) application with [Kotlin/Wasm](wasm-overview.md) in IntelliJ IDEA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial demonstrates how to run a simple [Kotlin/Wasm](wasm-overview.md) application using [WASI](https://wasi.dev/) API in various WebAssembly VMs.
```

Reviewer: It may require rewriting following sentences

Reviewer: [Normal]

You can find examples of an application running on the [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en), [Deno](https://deno.com/),

> and [WasmEdge](https://wasmedge.org/) environments. The output is a simple application that utilizes the standard WASI API.

Reviewer: environments -> VMs

Reviewer: [Normal]

   >
   {style="note"}

2. From **kotlin-wasm-wasi-example** | **Tasks** | **kotlin node**, select and run one of the following Gradle tasks:

   * **wasmWasiNodeRun** to run the application in Node.js.
   * **wasmWasiDenoRun** to run the application in Deno.
   * **wasmWasiWasmEdgeRun** to run the application in WasmEdge.

     > When using Deno on a Windows platform, ensure `deno.exe` is installed. For more information,
     > see [Deno's installation documentation](https://docs.deno.com/runtime/manual/getting_started/installation).
     >
     {style="tip"}

   ![Kotlin/Wasm and WASI tasks](wasm-wasi-gradle-task.png){width=600}
   
Alternatively, run one of the following commands 
in the terminal from the ` kotlin-wasm-wasi-template` root directory:

* To run the application in Node.js:

  ```bash
  ./gradlew wasmWasiNodeRun
  ```

* To run the application in Deno:

  ```bash
  ./gradlew wasmWasiDenoRun
  ```

* To run the application in WasmEdge:

  ```bash
  ./gradlew wasmWasiWasmEdgeRun
  ```

  You can see in the terminal that your application is built successfully:

  ![Kotlin/Wasm and WASI app](wasm-wasi-apps.png){width=600}

## Test the application

> You can also test that the Kotlin/Wasm application works correctly across various environments.

Author: Yes, one thing is building the app and another is testing, both can be done in various envs/vms.

[//]: # (title: Get started with Kotlin/Wasm and WASI)

> Kotlin/Wasm is in [Alpha](components-stability.md). It may be changed at any time.
>
> [Join the Kotlin/Wasm community.](https://slack-chats.kotlinlang.org/c/webassembly)
>
{style="note"}

This tutorial demonstrates how to run a simple [Kotlin/Wasm](wasm-overview.md) application using the [WASI](https://wasi.dev/) API 
in various WebAssembly virtual machines.
You can find examples of an application running on [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en), [Deno](https://deno.com/),
and [WasmEdge](https://wasmedge.org/) virtual machines. The output is a simple application that uses the standard WASI API.

Currently, Kotlin/Wasm supports WASI 0.1, also known as Preview 1.
[Support for WASI 0.2 is planned for future releases](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/KT-64568).

> > This Kotlin/Wasm WASI project supports Node.js tasks (`wasmWasiNode*`) by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Kotlin/Wasm toolchain provides Node.js tasks (`wasmWasiNode*`) out of the box.
```

> > Other task variants, such as those utilizing Deno or WasmEdge, are included as custom tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Other task variants in the project, such as those utilizing Deno or WasmEdge, are included as custom tasks.
```
